CRYPTO COIN

THE ETHEREUM TRIP

It is an ethereum token a decentralized cryptocurrency it will be the base cryptocurrancy tourism community in Brazil and a broad associated with the Partiu tur tourism Portal.
TOKENIZED ECOSYSTEM

A tokenized ecosystem is a structire composed of a dynamic series pf value exchanges. At the heart pf our tokenized ecosystem is ethereum which is valued for the intellectual property that each Ethereum Trip token represents. Project investors and the tourism community in the Ethereum trip tokenized ecosystem will fund all phases of the tourism portal project, such as the tourism Ethereum system, the e-commerce, the incentive to publication, partnerships and etc...
MAX SUPPLY

Ninety-five million (95,000,000) cryptocrurrencies will be launched, of which be made available with 50% dsicount to pre sale investors at a cost of US$ 1.00 and will entitle them twice the amount puchased at project launch. Two million (2.000.000) coins will be made available for trading by network leaders and their staff. Thirty million (30.000.000) coins will be available for trading throughout the exchange project. Thirty-three million (33.000.000) coins destined for the stock exchange gold reserve fund, reinforcing currency backing-five. Five million (5.000.000) coins as a bonus at the launch of the project to investors, twelve million (12.000.000) fpr direct referreal bonus payments from network leaders reaching fifteen (15.000.000) and eight million (8.000.000) of coins belong to the founding partners of the project.
BLOCKCHAIN AND SMART CONTRACTS

The blockchain is the technological foundation for all these cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Hyperledger. The-so called smart contract where introduced by the Ehtereum paltform and are nothing more than ways to execute negotiation based on the rules defined in the contracts.
ETHEREUM

Ethereum is a decentralized public protocol built on blockchain technology that enables the development of decentralized applications (DAPPS) and supports the deployment and execution of smart contract.
SMART CONTRACT

Smart contracts are contracts created by lines of code. They are like self-execution program that follows the logic of IFTT. Such contracts can eliminate the need for intermediaries, you can use decentralized exchanges.
TOKEN

Token are digital values issued on the Ethereum blockchain. In the contest of the entertainment system tokens represent intellectual property, ultility functions, rewards for participation and fungibility, an attribute belonging to movable goods that can be replaced by others of the same kind, quality and quantity.
WALLET

To invest in ethereum trip you wild need to create a wallet in metamask, where you will store your ethereum trip tokens.
THE METAMASK

It is a browser pluging that stores multiples wallets and allows connectivity to decentralized web-based applications that use the Ethereum blockchain. Metamask is a good choice fpr users and works with chrome, Firefox, Brave and Opera browsers.
THE ERC2O STANDARD

Singular X is the first grant designed for project creators, where users can invest and sell their tokens and this general marketing revenue also for the project.
THE ETHEREUM PLATFORM

Ethereum is a decentralized currency platform and most importantly, it has mechanisms for applications that can be run without the need for third parties, so you don't have to use a centralized exchange.
