ETTERNAL SYSTEM
THE PROBLEM OF NETWORK MARKETING (MMN)

Like companies operating in the direct sales market, in Network Marketing (MMN) mode, they care about the version of their marketing plan. The concern is continuing, because one day or the sales system in this model collapses.

Matrix systems are based on the multiplication of numerical pairs that define their laterality and depth. A simple calculation, for example, a 3 x 3 matrix with infinite multiplications, we conclude that we can register the entire population of the planet that will never close the matrix, a recurring problem in all systems on the market.
MISSION

Make the Multilevel Marketing market financially fairer to its customers, employees and distributors, ensuring the sustainability and longevity of projects.
THE GREAT CHALLENGE

How to implement a sustainable system, ensuring customer retention and project longevity?

The Etternal System is the result of eight years of research, and had as requirements suppliers, professionals who work in the Network Marketing market for over fifteen years. During this period issues such as:

    How to make projects sustainable?
    How to ensure the longevity of projects?
    How to correct the deficiencies of systemic models?
    How to increase consumption?

    How to balance a network making it fairer?
    How to retain customers in the project?
    How to close a network?
    How to make the base make money?

These questions were objects of research that led to an implemented solution: The Eternal System.
COMPETITIVE DIFFERENCES

Our architecture, focused on the matrix base, was concerned with its closure, stability and continuous gains. This paradigm break has made our system disruptive as it has disrupted the standards, models or technologies already established in the market since the 1940.
PROBLEMS RESOLVED

    We guarantee the sustainability of the projects.
    Ensuring the longevity of projects.
    Corrected the shortcomings of the proposed models.
    We guarantee increased consumption.

    We guarantee the balance of the network.
    We guarantee customer retention.
    We guarantee the closure of the network.
    We guarantee profitability for a project basis.

