THE TOURISM MARKET

Studies by the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC) reveal the impact of the tourism industry in Brazil and in the world with repercussions on the economy and job creation. Tourism generated a share of $ 8.8 trillion in world GDP (10.4 percent), up 3.9 percent, higher than the expansion of the global economy (3.2 percent). The sector accounted for 319 million jobs, becoming the protagonist of opening 1 in 10 jobs.

Research released by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE), points out that tourism continues to grow in Brazil. Data from PMS (Monthly Survey of Services) show that, in July 2019, the index of volume of tourist activities in the country grew 4.4%, compared to the same month last year. This increase was mainly driven by higher revenues from hotels, restaurants and car rental companies. Regionally, eight of the 12 states surveyed followed the growth in the same period, especially Espírito Santo, which showed a positive variation of 9.6%, followed by Rio de Janeiro (8.8%), Bahia (5.8%), Minas Gerais (5.6%), São Paulo (5.3%), Pernambuco (4.1%), Ceará (2.1%) and Goiás (0.7%). Already between January and July 2019, the national rate showed growth of 3.2%, compared to the same period last year. Eight states registered increase in the same period: Ceará (8.5%), São Paulo (7.1%), Pernambuco (3.1%), Goiás (2.3%), Bahia (2.2%), Espírito Santo Santo (1.9%), Minas Gerais (1.7%) and Rio de Janeiro (0.8%). The indices are following an increasing increase over the last months. In June, tourist activities grew by 2.6% over the same period of 2018. In July, this growth (4.4%) was even higher compared to the same month last year. Tourism Minister Marcelo Álvaro Antônio celebrated the positive figures released by IBGE and reaffirmed the relevance of the sector to leverage the Brazilian economy. "The data shows that our work is having an effect. We are on the right track, leading the country towards sustainable economic development, always aiming to boost tourism and generate income and jobs for the population", said the minister.
